clean up contributing directions (#467)
github/view_component: CONTRIBUTING.md

If you are the current maintainer of this gem:

1. Create a branch for the release: `git checkout -b release-vxx.xx.xx`
1. Bump gem version in `lib/view_component/version.rb`. Try to adhere to [SemVer](https://semver.org).
1. Add version heading to `CHANGELOG.md`.
1. Make a PR to github/view_component.
1. Merge github/view_component PR
1. Get latest changes from default branch: `git pull origin master`
1. Build a local gem: `gem build view_component.gemspec`
1. Tag and push: `git tag vx.xx.xx; git push --tags`

> 1. Create a GitHub [release](https://github.com/primer/view_components/releases/new) with the pushed tag and populate it with a list of the changes from `CHANGELOG.md`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a GitHub [release](https://github.com/github/view_component/releases/new) with the pushed tag and populate it with a list of the changes from `CHANGELOG.md`.
```
